h1. Textpattern elements for Panic Coda 2

Handy elements for use with "Panic Coda 2":http://www.panic.com/coda/ on a Mac when authoring files for the "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com/.

This repository contains Textpattern clips, a Textpattern reference book and a Textpattern mode (works OK, but improvements could be done in due course).

Once the Textpattern mode is installed, any files with a @*.txp@ file extension will be recognised in Coda as Textpattern template files (pages/forms) and will have syntax highlighting applied to them.

h2. Installation

# Download and unzip Textpattern-for-Panic-Coda zip file from this repository.
# Open Terminal.app and run the following command: @cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/Coda\ 2/@, then run the following command: @open@. The Finder will then open the Coda directory within the Application Support directory.
# Place the book files from this repository into the corresponding 'Books' directory within the Coda 2 directory.
# Rename the directory within Modes from @textpattern@ to @textpattern.moda@, which will turn the directory into a proper mode file, then place that mode file from this repository into the corresponding 'Modes' directory within the Coda 2 directory.
# If Coda 2 is currently running, quit and relaunch.
# Navigate to the clips panel and import the 'textpattern.clips' file (either by using right-click contextual menu within the panel or by selecting the gear icon in the bottom section of the panel).

h2. Licence

Public domain.